                                                                  Module – 4 (Advance python programming)


                       (1) What is file function in python? What is keywords to create write file.
                              The file function allows the makefile to write to or read from a file.
                              X – is for create the file
                              W or A – is for writing in the file.


                      (13) Explain Exception handling? What is an Error in Python?
                              Exception handling is the process of responding to unwanted or unexpected 
                              events when a computer program runs. Exception handling deals with these 
                              events to avoid the program or system crashing, and without this process, 
                              exceptions would disrupt the normal operation of a program.
                              Errors are problems that occur in the program due to an illegal operation 
                              performed by the user or by the fault of a programmer, which halts the normal 
                              flow of the program. Errors are also termed bugs or faults. There are mainly 
                              two types of errors in python programming.


                     (14) How many except statements can a try-except block have? Name Some built-in exception classes:
                              You can have multiple try blocks in a program but only one except 
                              statement with each try block.
                              Arithmetic error, index error, key error


                    (15) When will the else part of try-except-else be executed?
                              The else part is executed when no exception occurs.


                    (16) Can one block of except statements handle multiple exception?
                              Yes, a single block of except statements in Python can handle multiple 
                              exceptions. This feature allows you to handle different types of exceptions 
                              using a single block of code.


                    (17) When is the finally block executed?
                              A finally block always executes, regardless of whether an exception is thrown. 
                              The following code example uses a try / catch block to catch an 
                              ArgumentOutOfRangeException. The Main method creates two arrays and 
                              attempts to copy one to the other. 


                   (18) What happens when, 1” == 1 is executed?
                             we get a false


                   (21) What are oops concepts? 
                             Is multiple inheritance supported in java Object-Oriented Programming also known 
                             as OOPs concepts in python, is what lets us develop applications using an 
                             Object-Oriented approach. It does so by clubbing together similar or related
                             behaviours and properties and converting them into objects Java doesn't
                             support multiple inheritances in classes.


                   (27) What is Instantiation in terms of OOP terminology?
                             Instantiation refers to creating an object/instance for a class.


                   (28) What is used to check whether an object o is an instance of class A?
                             Python isinstance()
                             The isinstance() function checks if the object (first argument) is an instance or 
                             subclass of classinfo class (second argument).


                   (29) What relationship is appropriate for Course and Faculty?
                             A faculty is teaching many different subjects to many students from many 
                             different classes.
                             Ex. = A teacher is teaching a subject to a class but that same teacher is teaching 
                             another subject to another class.

 
                   (30) What relationship is appropriate for Student and Person?
                             The term "Student" and "Person" are quite broad, and the appropriate 
                             relationship between them depends entirely on the specific context like 
                             Student-teacher, Student-Friend, Student-Family member.